to me if I piss well
well you will have already realized that
I'm in this festival for subaru
and also where everything because it does something
two weeks I had the luck the
opportunity has been designated
ambassador of the new forester that is a
absolutely extraordinary vehicle
which is what I have been using for
11 years in the time program of
trip and thanks to which we have been able
travel earth routes
in which we could hardly have
enter safely and comfortably
efficiency as with the subaru this
the new truck this year comes
enhanced with many more resources like
to get him also much more more
advantage well since we are in everything
cars a lion raf hug and good
try the forester subaru and they will see
as the recommended
he has no more
Y
who knows